README.md, before:

# TemperatureSensors

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://Eduardo-BDMAlves.github.io/TemperatureSensors.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://Eduardo-BDMAlves.github.io/TemperatureSensors.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl)
[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor's%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)
[![PkgEval](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/T/TemperatureSensors.svg)](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/T/TemperatureSensors.html)
[![Aqua](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl)

## Citing

See [`CITATION.bib`](CITATION.bib) for the relevant reference(s).

Commit message:

Initial organization of structs and temperature calculation functiona. Nothing implemented yet.

README.md, after:

# TemperatureSensors

[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg)](https://Eduardo-BDMAlves.github.io/TemperatureSensors.jl/stable/)
[![Dev](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://Eduardo-BDMAlves.github.io/TemperatureSensors.jl/dev/)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl/actions/workflows/CI.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Eduardo-BDMAlves/TemperatureSensors.jl)
[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor's%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)
[![PkgEval](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/T/TemperatureSensors.svg)](https://JuliaCI.github.io/NanosoldierReports/pkgeval_badges/T/TemperatureSensors.html)
[![Aqua](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl/master/badge.svg)](https://github.com/JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl)



This package aims to combine different sensors temperature calculations. For example, with a given resistance and calibration from an RTD it can determine the temperatura in the ITS-90 temperature scale.


## Citing

See [`CITATION.bib`](CITATION.bib) for the relevant reference(s).
